       getc()  is equivalent to fgetc() except that it may be implemented as a

       fgetc(), getc() and getchar() return the character read as an  unsigned

       data in advance how many  characters  gets()  will  read,  and  because

       library with low-level calls to read(2) for the file descriptor associ‚Ä




       int ungetc(int c, FILE *stream);

       read(2), write(2), ferror(3), fgetwc(3), fgetws(3), fopen(3), fread(3),





       fgetc() reads the next character from  stream  and  returns  it  as  an

       macro which evaluates stream more than once.



       char cast to an int or EOF on end of file or error.

CONFORMING TO

       gets() will continue to store characters past the end of the buffer, it

ê



       char *fgets(char *s, int size, FILE *stream);

       available  for subsequent read operations.  Pushed-back characters will

       with calls to other input functions from the stdio library for the same

       unlocked_stdio(3)

       This page is part of release 3.35 of the Linux  man-pages  project.   A

       fgetc,  fgets,  getc,  getchar,  gets, ungetc - input of characters and



       either a terminating newline or EOF, which it replaces with a null byte

       stores  them  into  the buffer pointed to by s.  Reading stops after an

RETURN VALUE

       security.  Use fgets() instead.







       ungetc() returns c on success, or EOF on error.

       be found at http://man7.org/linux/man-pages/.



       char *gets(char *s);





       A  terminating  null  byte ('\0') is stored after the last character in



GETS(3)                    Linux Programmer's Manual                   GETS(3)

SYNOPSIS

       int fgetc(FILE *stream);

       For nonlocking counterparts, see unlocked_stdio(3).

       C89, C99, POSIX.1-2001.  LSB  deprecates  gets().   POSIX.1-2008  marks

       ated  with  the  input  stream;  the results will be undefined and very







       of file occurs while no characters have been read.





       ungetc() pushes c back to stream, cast to unsigned char,  where  it  is

       Calls to the functions described here can be mixed with each other  and



       fseek(3),   getline(3),  getwchar(3),  puts(3),  scanf(3),  ungetwc(3),



       int getchar(void);

       unsigned char cast to an int, or EOF on end of file or error.

       gets() reads a line from stdin into the buffer pointed to  by  s  until

       fgets() reads in at most one less than size characters from stream  and

BUGS

       is extremely dangerous to use.  It has  been  used  to  break  computer



       #include <stdio.h>



       be returned in reverse order; only one pushback is guaranteed.

       input stream.

SEE ALSO

       description  of  the project, and information about reporting bugs, can

GNU                               2011-09-28                           GETS(3)

       strings

DESCRIPTION

       ('\0').  No check for buffer overrun is performed (see BUGS below).

       EOF or a newline.  If a newline is read, it is stored into the  buffer.







COLOPHON

NAME

       getchar() is equivalent to getc(stdin).

       the buffer.



       gets()  and  fgets() return s on success, and NULL on error or when end



       int getc(FILE *stream);



       gets() obsolescent.

       Never use gets().  Because it is impossible to tell without knowing the

       It  is  not  advisable  to  mix calls to input functions from the stdio

       probably not what you want.

